Marie Theres finished 28 and I am
mother tailor or tailor
So la petit marie that says come
just not really easy
I'm marie and really do not
especially big about one and a half meters
and then I thought I was the one
little marie that fits and you see
My father actually says french
sounds better in the still French
we have mainly cup and stuff
but we also do it on the player
not from anything else at the
outer garments
I think I always try
to put his clients into it
I want to feel like that if it is
I would say that a lot
special day if i special
the day at all and therefore should
the customers are often perfectly well
feel and I want to lead myself like this
So I want that too for the customers
have very individual on the customers
and she also knows as yet
simply that the craft learned that
So you realize what they really up
quality and workmanship and that respects
to implement individually on the customers and
It also very much falls for me
I still think that every time
beautiful because when we start to
Design and the drawings for it
make and choose the fabrics and the
is really something everytime
completely new
I think that's great
I think it's nice if then the
customers with a lot and and themselves
totally looking forward to the fitting because yes
Most of the time you are always with a lot
to do happy people when you get one
only dealing with brides and if I have
I'll be glad to see you later
Of course, then I still have to see
Once again, politicians also looked
has in the dress suit and she then
really looked like when the
hair is made ready my jewelry
and everything is different
I would be here without my family
not definitely not my family has
always supports me
Without my family , I could do it now
can not do as I have since
always wants to save that does not exist
somehow a goal that I say
I still want to achieve this and that or
I have big dreams that I somehow
and wants to sell culture and how in
the most expensive houses or something
I really really wish
consistency and that what I am
have established that this also holds